From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel minutes,
all weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number four 15 recorded live
Thursday, March 13, 2014. This
episode of Hanselminutes is brought
to you by teller, empowering
over 1 million developers to create
compelling app experiences across any
screen. Learn more@telerikdotcomandbyfranklins.net makers of
gesture pack a powerful gesture,
recording and recognition system for
Microsoft connect for windows developers
details. Add gesture P a
k.com. In this episode, Scott
talks with Steve Beauregard about
Bitcoin. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes. I'm chatting
with Steve Beauregard, founder and
CEO at go coin. And
I want to understand Bitcoin
and why I should care.
Steve, why is everyone going
insane about Bitcoin right now?
Thanks for having me, Scott.
Well, you know, the, the
primary reason is if you
look at the world, 75%
of the people in the
world can't participate online in
commerce or byproducts, and Bitcoin
changes that. So it's the
on ramp to get the
unbanked. And, you know, the
people that don't have credit
cards participating on the, on
the internet is that that's
really, it. It's just that
there are people who need,
need to have a place
to hold money and they
just, they don't have an
account. They don't have a
visa card. They don't have
a way to a PayPal
account. Yeah. And in many
cases that the unbanked population
is huge and most of
these people have computers. They
have smartphones and you know,
but they don't have bank
accounts and that's a lot
of the developing countries have
that problem. So a lot
of people also, you know,
they want Bitcoin for the
speculative purposes in the U
S and in Europe. However,
the utility of the invention
is really far greater in
the developing countries. Don't you
think though, that in, in,
in the last kind of
couple of months, it's pretty
clear that it's techies that
do this. Do you really
think that developing countries and
people out there have any
idea what Bitcoin is? I
mean, you're describing a world
that seems a little bit
farther in the future when
it's more mainstream. Yeah. And
I am, I am describing
the future and it is
mostly technical people today that
have Bitcoin or people that,
you know, had extra hardware
laying around in a, a,
they ran a miner and
they developed, you know, they,
they got coins and yes,
those are a lot of
the people that have it
today. However, they've really provided
the backbone. If you will,
of the Bitcoin network such
that it will support now
this worldwide peer to peer
network of, of payments. What
about other alternative non Bitcoin
things in developing worlds? Like
I know Kenya has Their
own digital currency that's used
where they send some via
SMS. Don't you think that
those things that are more
entrenched in an emerging economy,
like for example, Kenya, or
have a better chance of
winning? Yeah. The pace is
very interesting because many times
the fees with the M-Pesa
in Kenya can be as
high as 40%. So, and
yet the people are still
using it and adopting it,
and it really shows that
they need the utility. So
in the, in a world
where I believe that, you
know, pigs get fat and
hogs get slaughtered, I think
40% is way too rich
for a, for a fee.
Whereas Bitcoin, literally you can
have a transaction for pennies.
Hmm. So you're saying that
that in paisa, because it
has relationships with, you know,
Safari comm the mobile networking,
old people over there and
Vodafone that it really is
an example of the rich
taking advantage of the poor.
Yeah. And, and in many
cases, but, you know, don't
get me wrong. It does
have a lot of utility.
And, and that's oftentimes the
signs of an early market.
They found an opportunity yet.
You know, anytime somebody starts
making money with a system
like that, it's going to
bring in innovation and innovators
are going to come in
and, and find better, cheaper
ways to do things that,
you know, can take advantage
of it. I've heard people
describe Bitcoin as the, kind
of the democratization of, of,
of currency. And we're kind
of releasing the, the, the
idea of money out into
the world and getting the
governments out of the way.
Certainly one of the, one
of the goals of it
is to, you know, create
a currency that can't be
devalued by just printing more
and printing more and printing
more. And, but I don't
see it as necessarily competitive
with, with, you know, government
issued currencies. I think they're
going to coexist for some
time to come. And, you
know, I think that's the
right way to think about
it, but it is, it
is the people's money. It
is, you know, giving you
control back over, over your,
your own credit situation and
your own, you know, what,
what you've earned. Okay. So
you, you seem like you
have a much more kind
of measured businessperson's perspective on
this. I hear a lot
of, you know, kind of
revolutionary types online that are
thinking like, know, this is
it, this is the end.
It's the people's money. It's
the end of currency and
the military industrial complex. And
then I'm hearing people like
you that are like, well,
this is another, another exchange
in other, a way for
us to move money from
place to place. Yeah. And
more efficient way to do
that. I revert back to
the rule of going to
Las Vegas, the house always
wins. So if you keep
it in perspective that the
house will win, don't think
that you're going to get
away with not paying taxes.
Don't think you're going to
get away with, you know,
cutting the government's out of,
of, of being in control
of this because I, yeah,
I don't take that. I
don't subscribe. Subscribe to that.
Let's talk a little bit
about this, the, the process
and the currency. When I
have, when I have a
wallet, that's the first thing
I need to do to
get Bitcoin, right. I have
to have a wallet and
this is a file. It's
just a file on my,
on my device, somewhere on
my computer, on my phone.
Yeah. It's a set of
programs. And, you know, inside
of that wallet, there is
a private key and a
public key. So think of
the, the public key, like
your routing number at your
bank, anybody, you have no
problem giving that out to
somebody and say, you know,
here's my routing number wire
money to my account, but
your private keys, like your
pin, you don't give that
to anybody. You that's, you
know, the way that you
can then access your money
and transact. So that's the
private key, which is stored
and most modern wallets have
that file encrypted on the
local machine. So they can't,
you know, you required password
to get to it. Okay.
And that wallet, that file,
it is truly a wallet
in the sense of don't
lose your wallet. Absolutely. It's
actually, the private key is
really the, the component you
can't lose. So that should
be backed up, put away
in a safe, you can
even print out that key
and, you know, store it
in multiple places. But anybody
who can get access to
that key can access your
coins. Okay. If I do
lose my wallet, but I
have my private key, I
heard, I understand that in
Bitcoin, there's this concept of
labor transaction history that can
I recover my wallet as
long as I have the
private key. Absolutely. Yup. That's
the whole power is you
can, you know, inject that
private key into a different
wallet and voila your access
to your money as restored.
So my public Public key,
my public visit my public
address. I understand this concept
of addressing people are saying,
what's your public address? It
looks like it's a kind
of a guru at the
global unique identifier. And that's
not something I have to
be fearful of. I can
give it to anyone, put
it on Twitter. That's right.
That's right. And that's a
34 character string and very,
you know, uppercase lowercase numbers
embedded. And that string is
your public address and you
can send money or anybody
can send money to that
address. And is the, is
that something that could run
out? Are there enough of
those for all the people
in the world, wherever? Oh
no, you do. You would
never run out. I, I
can't quite do the math,
but you take, you know,
all of the upper case,
lower case alphanumeric plus a
numbers and 34 characters long
yet you, you have a
lot of the combination. So
it is a, it is
a goo, it's a global
unique identifier. Yes. And when
someone then sends me money,
let's say, I've got my
public key and you're going
to send me some fraction
amount of Bitcoin. You're sending
it where, So it goes
into the public blockchain. So
the blockchain is a, there's
a copy of the blockchain
on every single mining computer.
And it used to be
wallet, but I won't get
into the detail of that.
But everyone is agreed to
all of the transactions in
history among all of this
peer to peer network of,
of mining notes. Okay. So
what happens is when you
send your money, that transaction,
it gets picked up and
validated by the miners and
added to the blockchain. So
it's like cemented in history
that that particular transaction, and
then the balance on, on,
on your wallet will, will
be reflected in the blockchain
as well. So there's this,
there's a finite number of
Bitcoins. At some point before
the sun death of the
universe, we will know that
we found them all. Well,
it, yeah, it's not a
matter of finding them every
10 minutes, 25 new Bitcoin
come into existence. And that's
going to go on pretty
much until the year 2140.
It could be a little
bit longer. It could be
a little bit shorter, but
it's really up to the
speed and, and how fast
the, the mining network works.
But 10 minutes is what
it's designed to, to maintain
is the degree of difficulty.
So that every 10 minutes,
25 new Bitcoin are awarded
to a minor. And there,
there they're awarded because that's
the protocol indicates that there's
this there's this tempo to
it, or because this is
a math, you know, all
we're, we're trying to calculate
this as fast as we
can. And math dictates that
this is as fast as
we can make them. No,
no, it's really a think
of it. Like a lottery.
Each of the computers is
running a certain algorithm on
a block of data and
it's, and it's trying to
get an answer in a
certain format. And when it
gets to it in the
format that it's expect that
all of the nodes are
expecting, it's a bit sit
and broadcast that it, it,
you know, got the answer
and then all the other
nodes will vote. And that's
where the democracy comes in.
They all 51% of them
say, Oh yeah, we agree.
You won. Now that person,
or that particular minor gets
awarded, you know, 25 Bitcoin.
And the way the protocol
works is beyond that in
the four years, that that
number gets cut in half
and it continues to get
cut in half every four
years. So most of the
Bitcoin will be, will be
released early. And then as
time goes by fewer and
fewer Bitcoin will be released.
Doesn't that imply that the
people who got in there
earlier and mind are super
rich right now. And the
rest of us it's too
late. No, I wouldn't. I
wouldn't think of it that
way at all. I think
it, it really is reflective
of the fact that Bitcoin
price is anticipated to continue
to go up. So, you
know, mining right now is
a, is it's questionable. Whether
it's worth it from a
standpoint of paying for your
power bill, for the mining
power, however, as the Bitcoin
goes over a thousand dollars,
it will suddenly become worth
it again. So, you know,
sort of a spring effect
that will happen, you know,
for years and years to
come, You're using the word
awarded, which kind of implies
a certain amount of meritocracy.
And then you're saying that
there's, there's, there's mining where
there's actual work in crypto,
and we need powerful computers
to, to hunt through math
space. But then you also
said, there's a lottery. Is
this a math problem? Or
are we winning something? No,
no, let me, let me
say, they said, think of
it like a lottery and
the fastest computer gets the
most lottery tickets. If you
think about it, that way
you can sort of conceptualize,
but when you get down
to actually how it works
is they are trying to
solve a math problem. And
it's a proof of work
algorithm. And it basically, once
they've come up with the
answer in a certain format,
that's when they then have
won, if you will, they
won the lottery. Right? So
you're saying that, that, that,
you know, I let's say
I have a giant refrigerator
sized computer in my house
here and I'm mining and
you're mining and we both
get it right at the
same time, then that's where
the voting happens. Exactly. That's
right. And I understand that
there are a number of
people who have built mines.
I think there's a person
either in Iceland or Finland,
where it's very cold and
it's able to build a
lot of machines for, and,
and the, the w the
weather is makes it, it
was okay for him to
be able to run these
machines hot. It makes it
cheaper to cool them. They're
building huge minds. That is
data centers that do nothing,
but look for Bitcoin. That's
right. Yep. What about this
idea that the power consumed
looking for them in computing
is somehow more than the
value of the coin at
least today. Yeah. Yeah. That's
something that will be a
problem for some time to
come and meet people that
are running a Bitcoin miners
on graphics cards. They still
might be getting a fraction
of a penny out of
it. They're not getting much
money, but it's something to
them. And maybe they're in
a apartment where they don't
pay for power, and that's
a part of their deal.
You know, it's a huge
waste that, that situation, because
anybody who's running a non
what they call ASIC, which
is a application specific hardware,
anybody who's running, you know,
you know, old graphics card.
Now you can use graphic
card for different coins. Like,
like coin, for example, is,
is scripted. So that's relying
more on memory than it
is on the computing power,
but, you know, there, there's
definitely a problem with power
consumption and you know, how
serious is it? I probably
not the right one to
answer. Sure, sure. Is there
value in me or my
nontechnical mom to mine? Or
should we just think about
it as a currency that
we can use? You know,
It really, if you only
had a little bit of
money to invest in, in
mining and you wanted to
get in the game, I
would suggest you mind something
else that you mind a
light coin or something, a
script based Bitcoin mining at
this point is a, it's
a it's to the point
where it's beyond the reach
of the average person to
do it effectively. So before
we, we chatted here, I
went and I got a,
I'm a windows user, and
I got multi bit, which
is a wallet for windows
that kind of the standard
wallet. And it gave me,
I put in my mere
very complicated passphrase, and it
gave me a I'm looking
here. I have an address
now. So I put the
address on, on Twitter. And
I said, right. I said,
I'm learning about Bitcoin. And
I just pasted my address,
no request or begging. I
understand that begging for Bitcoin
is considered really quite poor
form. And since you and
I have been chatting just
in the last 10 minutes
here, I've received two transactions.
I'm just sitting here. I
didn't have to push refresh.
It just shows up. I've
got now 2 cents, 0.00016, BTC
a Bitcoin is worth how
much right now, because I
understand that it's always fractions.
Very often. These transactions are
in five, six digit decimal
points. Yeah. It's actually eight
decimal points, but yeah, so,
so a single Bitcoin today
is a, in the $600
range. I haven't checked this
morning unless I looked there's
about 630, but you know,
we're starting to talk in,
in bits as a, as
opposed to in Bitcoins. So,
you know, we just move
over a couple of decimal
points. So right now it
would be, you know, you
would be a, you know,
620 bits for per Bitcoin
And in this particular application.
And I know that there's
lots. So I'm not thinking
about this specific one, there's
a status, a status column.
And in that status column,
in this particular application, there's
a pie chart, and I'm
not sure what the pie
charts trying to tell me,
but it's filling up is,
is that mean that other
parts of the blockchain are
starting to learn about the
fact that I just got
2 cents worth of Bitcoin? That's
right. That's a, it's validating
the transactions. So as the
pie gets filled, once it
gets completely full, I think
it turns to a check
Mark or something in multi
bed. And then you, you
know, that yes, that, that
has been validated by the,
by the blockchain. And typically
the, the gold standard is,
you know, when you get
six validations, that's the point
at which the transaction is
considered, you know, completed. So
this almost feels like, like,
like BitTorrent, where everyone's kind
of working together and voting
and chatting, and it's, it's
very conversational, but we're all
trying to just agree that
something is the case. Yeah.
It's very much like BitTorrent
in that it's a peer
to peer network. Everyone has
a copy of, you know,
of the same blockchain and
a, that's a good analogy
actually. And is this, these,
these, these very kind people
on Twitter that are helping
me learn about Bitcoin, who've
given me this penny, you
said that there's transactional fees,
who was there a fraction
of a fraction of a
Bitcoin that was taken out
when this person sent me
these sense? Well, there could
be. Now that really depends
on the sender. The sender
has the option to include
a transaction fee. And if
they don't, then they run
the risk of the minor,
not picking it up. So
there's two ways that the
miners make revenue. The first
one is the, you know,
the, the contest that we
talked about, or, you know,
being winning a block and
being rewarded with 25 Bitcoins,
the second is they can
be rewarded with transaction fees
by validating your transaction. So
if, if the sender, you
know, has the good sense
to put a little transaction
fee reward in there for
the minor, it's more apt
to be picked up more
quickly. And the bigger, the
larger, the amount of the
fee, the faster it's going
to be picked up by,
by minors. So I'm looking
here@ablockchain.info, and it looks like
the person who sent me
this appears to be in
Germany. There's a map there.
Is there any way for
me to know who this
person is? Not really, no.
I mean, they could have
put a, a little note
inside of there and sent
you a note saying, you
know, a comment, Hey, this
is, this is, you know,
Nimrod in Germany, and I'm
sending you a big point.
It's used to it, thanks
for your show. But if
they, haven't, there's really not
an easy way to, to
connect to who exactly sent
that Bitcoin to you. However,
over time, I do believe
that, you know, some of
the, once you can identify
a few wallets, it probably
won't be that difficult to
unravel connections to other wallets.
So, yeah, and I think
they've proven through law enforcement
with the case of the
silk road, that it really,
it's not really anonymous. A
lot of people like to
speak of Bitcoin as being
an anonymous protocol and anonymous
wallet, but actually it's very
public and that the ledger
has a copy of every
transaction. And when you nail
it down to an individual,
is it when they change
it from Bitcoin into a,
a country currency when things
become less anonymous, or is
it an, is it not
anonymous even now when it's
in the, in the chain?
Well, I think you, you
do have the IP address.
So in so much that
you can trace back to
an IP address. So you
can see where that transaction
took place or where that
person is sent from at
least down to the IP
address. Now they can do
things to obscure their IP
address and so forth through
something like tour or, or
things of that nature. But
for most people using using
Bitcoin for legitimate purposes, you
know, I, I wouldn't think
to go through that kind
of a, of a hoop
just to send Bitcoin, Starting
to see a lot more
Bitcoin comments show up in
a popular press. It's not
necessarily a nerd thing anymore.
And I'm even seeing it
on television shows. There's a
TV show on Fox called
almost human that's placed in
the far future, maybe 50
to a hundred years in
the future. And almost every
week on the future, they
come upon some criminal and
they find the, the future
equivalent of a thumb drive
on him. And they say,
Oh, he's got Bitcoin in
his pocket. How much is
on it? This has happened
consistently. So even my parents
know what Bitcoin is in
the context of Saifai. But
what I think is interesting
about that showing up on
a TV show, like almost
human, is that it's a
mainstream recognition that this may
be around for a long
time. And since you're now
the founder of a, of
a Bitcoin based company, you're,
you're bullish on this, this
is happening and it's not
going anywhere. Absolutely. And in
fact, you know, at go
coin, we're, you know, we're
a merchant processor and we
have a lot of, you
know, companies that come to
us and they're very interested
in taking Bitcoin as payment.
And, you know, sometimes I
was speaking with the folks
at Zynga yesterday and he
said, you know, we really
haven't had the uptake that
we would have expected because
you know, most of our
audience are, are women, you
know, Housewives, oftentimes that are
on playing games and they
really don't have Bitcoin yet.
So I submit that the
tipping point is going to
be an episode of something
like a, you know, high
Housewives of Beverly Hills, where
they show that a housewife
has that she can, you
know, buy all these things
with Bitcoin and not have
it show up on a
credit card. And so I
think that's the kind of
thing that it's going to
take for awareness, that people
start to see that some
of the utility that, although
it's not completely anonymous, if
somebody really wants to trace
you down, however, by and
large, it's, it's almost as
anonymous as cash in terms
of, you know, where you
spend it. And, you know,
you know, following the trail,
I shouldn't look at Bitcoin
as an anonymous thing in
the context of a, that's
not a feature that we
really want to promote. Like,
yeah, if you want to
move money around and be
sneaky Bitcoins the way You
definitely not, I think a,
you know, cash is still
King when it comes to,
to that type of thing.
So I think if there's
a criminal that wants to
operate in Bitcoin, that they're,
they're in the wrong place.
I think that's a, a
big mistake because the, the
ledgers out there, and I
think of it this way,
remember the Boston strangler case
where recently they, they gathered
some DNA evidence 30 years
ago. And at the time
they didn't have the technology
to really look through that
evidence and be able to
pin that to a particular
person. And then 30 years
later now they do have
the technology and they were
able to, you know, conclusively
prove that this was the
person responsible. I think you'll
see much the same kind
of technologies with Bitcoin. Although
it's hard today to, to
connect a wallet to a
person, believe me, there's people
out there working on it.
And, you know, they'll be
able to very quickly, you
know, sort of put the
puzzle back together. So speaking
specifically about go, go coin
your company. I understand that
there's a lot of complaints
amongst smaller merchants that, you
know, PayPal might hold your
money sometimes. And PayPal is
maybe not a great solution
that was supposed to be
the way for the people
to be able to hold
money and accept money. But
now if there's any kind
of fraud, PayPal will freeze
your account. So there's concern
about that. There's visa fees
is, is go coin and
is Bitcoin a solution for
maybe smaller merchants in the
future to kind of be
able to get their money
and receive and accept currency
over the web? Absolutely. And
I see it solving a
number of problems. You, you
hit the nail on the
head with, you know, the
monopoly that the credit cards
and the PayPal have on,
on, on online sales and
so forth. And that power
of just freezing your account
and freezing your money with
Bitcoin. The, the beauty of
it is you don't have
a charge back when you've
sent the payment through, they
all sales are final. And
so there's, there's no reason
for us to have to
hold the payment up of,
of the merchant, unless there's
some sort of an escrow
service or something that everyone's
agreed to, you know, the
money has been received. So
think of the person in
Nigeria that may want to
buy something online. There's no
way they can use a
credit card. You know, there's
no, no company that would
take a credit card from
Nigeria. However, if they have
Bitcoin and they want to
have some good shipped to
them, there's no reason they
can't push the money there.
And now that the merchant
has the money, they can
ship the goods in. So
it really that's what I
mean by it opens up
a lot of market. The
other thing it really does
is think about a credit
card purchase of $5. So
you've got, you know, three,
four and fee that they're
going to charge, and then
they're going to have 30 cents
per transaction. Well, very quickly,
you've completely eroded that, that
value of the transaction with
Bitcoin, we're discharging 1% flat
rate. So now you're going
to be able to do
a $5 transaction, you know,
for, for all of 50 cents.
And is, is that how
go coin will make money?
It's just a flat 1%
and that's how that that's
the future. Sure. Well, the
a that's part of the
equation then of course, you
know, as we take the
Bitcoin in, we are, you
know, trading it at, you
know, on different exchanges and
we'll, you know, find ways
to optimize how and when
we trade. And so beyond
just the 1% we make
as a transaction fee, we
hopefully can, that can optimize
that and do a bit
better than that. I see.
So like any currency where,
where you're holding it, and
it's going to sit with
you for awhile there's opportunities
for, for investment at scale
and all the different kinds
of things that went, you
know, my, my credit union
has my money right now,
and I have no doubt
they're making money on holding
my money and moving my
money from place to place.
Yeah, that's right. I mean,
we, we probably trade a
lot more quickly than that
because we have to mitigate
our risk. So, you know,
as we take coins in,
we, we traded pretty quickly,
but you know, there's many
exchanges around the world and
the, the price that we
give on the, on the
invoice is going to be
an average of the different
exchanges. And you've got a
developer kit for people who
have Ruby or Java or.net,
whatever someone can go and
make a shopping cart that
accepts Bitcoin. And then you'll
basically do all the work
for them. Right. That's right.
That's right. So I think
a bit like, you know,
the, the old days of
e-commerce twin, you know, the
biggest pain was the last
mile when you had to
connect the merchant services up
and do all of the
testing and, and, you know,
get your bank accounts and
go through all of the
stuff at the bank. You
know, we eliminate all of
those kinds of issues. So
we've had a very, very
straightforward set of APIs, client
libraries for the major languages,
plugins for major shopping carts,
like Magento and WooCommerce and
so forth. And, you know,
we're making the OnRamps very
simple. And then in terms
of opening their merchant account,
they literally, you know, fill
out a form on our
site. They upload some documentation
to show that they're a
legitimate, valid business. And then
they're, they're accepting Bitcoin. We're
actually accepting it for them
and paying them out in
cash. And it looks like
you've got all of this
on get hub you've got,
and it's actively being worked
on. I mean, I see
some of these have been
updated just hours ago. That's
right. That's right. We've got
a really strong technical team,
you know, working from, from
various parts around the globe.
We have some developers in
India, some developers in Argentina
and some in the U
S so, So you're handling
the conversion as well. You're
not just a middleman, but
you have the ability to
pay me in, in dollars.
Is that what you just
said? That's right. That's right.
So you can, you, as
a merchant can opt to
take your payment in Bitcoin
light coin, you can opt
to take your payment and
your local currency, What is
light coin, and what are
the, what the, why, if
Bitcoin is the way to
move money, why do I
need Kanye West coin and
all these other kinds of
alternatives? Yeah, it's a great
question. Well, you know, interesting
light coin, the, the founder
of Lakewood and Charlie Lee
are the, I guess you
would call him the inventor.
He basically took the open
source blockchain code and fork
the code and made a
couple of significant changes. The
first change he made was
he made it four times
faster. So a block gets
mined every two and a
half minutes, as opposed to
10 minutes on average. The
second thing he did was
rather than using Shaw two
56, he used script based
mine, which is more memory
intensive. And that's, that sort
of made an opportunity for
the, those that missed out
on the early days of
mining bit point to be
able to mind light coin.
And so a lot of
the mining power as, as,
as far back as a
year ago, started going over
to light coin. And the
other thing he did is
he did not pre mine
the blocks. So he made
it fair for everybody. So,
and I said, Hey, we're
going to start a new
coin and already said, go.
And he didn't pre mine
a bunch of blocks and
have a bunch, you know,
sitting in his pocket at
the, at the start. So
many coins is that those
are the questions you need
to ask. When you look
at a coin, was it
pre mine, has somebody sort
of game the system by,
by, you know, having a
bunch of it already in
their pocket before they even
start. And then you also
want to make sure that
they're open source code and
that they've published it up
to get hub or somewhere
where everybody can see the
code, because some of the
coins out there are not
open source. And so you
don't know exactly what's happening
behind the curtain. So it
sounds like there's kind of
a long tail. I mean,
you've got Bitcoin, you've got
light coin, that's got a
market space of almost half
a billion dollars, and then
it pretty much tails off
very quickly from there. Yeah.
And I believe, I truly
believe that that every coin
has a different user base.
And I think the people
that have like wind will
probably going to be a
bit more apt to spend
it. I believe if you
use the golden silver analogy,
you know, gold is more
the, the standard storage of
value. And there's a lot
of speculators that are hoarding
Bitcoin, but they're not really
willing to transact with it.
And my, my thesis is
that I, I believe that
that light coin is going
to be more transactional and
more people will be apt
to spend it Fantastic. And
people can learn about go
coin, go up. There's a
merchant sign up. There's API
docs all up on GitHub.
They can get involved really,
really quickly. Absolutely. Well, I
really appreciate you chatting with
me today and setting me
straight. I've gotten out 2 cents,
so I'm on my way.
Hey, send me your link.
I'll, I'll send you some
more Bitcoin Right away. Very
cool. Thank you so much,
Steve Beauregard from gold coin.
This has been another episode
of Hanselminutes and we'll see
you again next week.